
# FPR Evaluation of FPR-0035

Status - Accepted

- [x] **1. Has the FPR been submitted correctly?**
   - [x] A. Correctly titled?
   - [x] B. Used the full FPR template?
   - [x] C. Pull request correctly made to the BCF FPR repo?

- [x] **2. Have all sections of the template been completed?**
   - [ ] A. Project Name
   - [ ] B. Start Date
   - [ ] C. Hashtag
   - [ ] D. Name of BCF Chat room
   - [ ] E. Stakeholders
   - [ ] F. Project Summary
   - [ ] G. Resources
   - [ ] H. Budget
   - [ ] I. Timeline
   - [ ] J. Goals
   - [ ] K. Other

- [x] **3. Is it well formatted for legibility?**

- [x] **4. Does the project have a non-profit purpose?**

- [x] **5. Has it been completed with enough detail for the scale of the project?**

- [x] **6. Is the team trustworthy enough for the funding requirement?**

- [x] **7. Are the objectives S.M.A.R.T?**
   - [ ] A. Specific
   - [ ] B. Measurable
   - [ ] C. Agreed Upon
   - [ ] D. Realistic
   - [ ] E. Time-bound

- [x] **8. Are the stakeholders realistically providing volunteered time?**

- [x] **9. Is the cost vs impact satisfactory?**

Yes.

- [x] **10. Has the FPR been accepted or denied?**
   - [x] Accepted.
   - [ ] Accepted with Comments.
   - [] Partially Accepted - See Comments.
   - [ ] Denied - See Comments.
   - [ ] Denied.

**11. Comments and, if denied, reasons for denial.**
Project was updated based on the following comments and has therefore been accepted:  
  
*We think this is a good project but it needs spicing up a bit to increase the impact. We propose expanding the project to significantly increase the impact on the big day. We suggest that the budget for this project should be increased to 10,000CAD. 5000CAD will be for the costs as proposed in original draft of the proposal. The other 5000CAD should go towards the following:*

*1000CAD for pre-promotion before the campaign (including cost of developing digital ads)
1 x 1000CAD Prize.
2 x 500CAD prize.
5 x 100CAD prize.
100 x 10CAD prize.*

*The idea would be to have the video that shows on the truck randomly show private keys throughout the day. The private keys will have BCH on them as detailed above. There should be lots of promotion before the actual day so as many people know about it as possible. It should get even into the local news before the event. The aim is to have 1000s of people actively looking for this van to get these private keys.*
