
# FPR Evaluation of FPR-0045

Status - Partially Accepted - Changes required

- [x] **1. Has the FPR been submitted correctly?**
   - [x] A. Correctly titled?
   - [x] B. Used the full FPR template?
   - [x] C. Pull request correctly made to the BCF FPR repo?

- [ ] **2. Have all sections of the template been completed?**
   - [x] A. Project Name
   - [x] B. Start Date
   - [x] C. Hashtag
   - [x] D. Name of BCF Chat room
   - [ ] E. Stakeholders
   - [x] F. Project Summary
   - [ ] G. Resources
   - [ ] H. Budget
   - [ ] I. Timeline
   - [ ] J. Goals
   - [ ] K. Other

- [x] **3. Is it well formatted for legibility?**

- [ ] **4. Does the project have a non-profit purpose?**
Unknown.
- [ ] **5. Has it been completed with enough detail for the scale of the project?**  
No. No details about how the funding will be spent, or what the impact or intentions for the project are. No timeline for the project or plan.  
  
- [ ] **6. Is the team trustworthy enough for the funding requirement?**  
Unknown. No information about the project lead.  
  
- [ ] **7. Are the objectives S.M.A.R.T?**
   - [ ] A. Specific
   - [ ] B. Measurable
   - [ ] C. Agreed Upon
   - [ ] D. Realistic
   - [ ] E. Time-bound
No.
  
- [ ] **8. Are the stakeholders realistically providing volunteered time?**  
Unknown.  
  
- [ ] **9. Is the cost vs impact satisfactory?**  
Potentially low/unknown.  

- [ ] **10. Has the FPR been accepted or denied?**
   - [ ] Accepted.
   - [ ] Accepted with Comments.
   - [ ] Partially Accepted - See Comments.
   - [x] Denied - See Comments.
   - [ ] Denied.

**11. Comments and, if denied, reasons for denial.**  
This project has been denied for reasons 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9.
