{\rtf1\ansi\deff22 {\fonttbl{\f67\fcharset0 Courier Final Draft;}}{\stylesheet{\f22 \sbasedon222\snext0 Normal;}{\s1\li2160\ri2120\f67\sb0 \sbasedon0\snext1 GENERAL;}{\s2\caps\li2160\ri2120\f67\sb480 \sbasedon0\snext3 SCENE HEADING;}{\s3\li2160\ri2120\f67\sb240 \sbasedon0\snext3 ACTION;}{\s4\caps\li5040\ri2480\f67\sb240 \sbasedon0\snext6 CHARACTER NAME;}{\s5\li4320\ri5000\f67\sb0 \sbasedon0\snext6 PARENTHETICAL;}{\s6\li3600\ri4280\f67\sb0 \sbasedon0\snext3 DIALOG;}{\s7\caps\li7920\ri2700\f67\sb240 \sbasedon0\snext2 TRANSITION;}{\s8\caps\li2160\ri2120\f67\sb480 \sbasedon0\snext3 SHOT;}{\s9\caps\li2160\ri2120\f67\sb0 \sbasedon0\snext3 CAST LIST;}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\ftnrestart\fracwidth \sectd \linemod0\linex0\cols1\endnhere \margl0\margr0\paperw12240{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f67\fs24\sl180\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Int. Barbershop - day\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 GEORGE sits in a }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 barberchair}{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 , as ALICE snips away at his hair. George's hand suddenly reaches down to his pocket. His eyes widen.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 Narrator\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 It's a Saturday afternoon. George sits comfortably in his barber's chair when he suddenly remembers his wallet was still on his nightstand\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 George pats his pants, looking for his wallet.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 NaRRATOR (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 George smiles awkwardly to hide his discomfort from his realization\par \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 ANDY, a 16-year old boy, sits in the barber chair next to George.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 NARRATOR (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 George's son, Andy, sitting nearby, picks up his Dad's quite odd, but normal, social cues. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Andy mouths "What's wrong?"\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 NARRATOR (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 What's wrong, Andy asks.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 George mouths "My wallet is at home"\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 NARRATOR (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 My wallet is at home, says George. How would he be able to pay for him and his sons' haircuts? Would he have to sweep the floor after hours?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f67\fs24\sl180\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 INT. Barbershop - night\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 George is the shop, sweeping up hair. Alice watches from afar, scowling\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 NARRATOR\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Would the barber just shave his head?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f67\fs24\sl180\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Int. BarbERSHOP - day\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 George sits in the barber chair, horrified. A BUZZING sound is heard and a clump of hair drops from his head.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 NARRATOR\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Or would he be publicly shamed?\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f67\fs24\sl180\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 EXT. roadside - day\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 George stands on the side of the road, holding a sign says "I steal haircuts" with an arrow pointing up to his bald face. People take pictures of him, laughing. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f67\fs24\sl180\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Int. BarBERSHOP \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 NaRRATOR\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s5\fi-140\ri4320\li4320 \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Dad!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 NARRATOR (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 (quickly)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 says}{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600  Andy\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 George shakes his head and awakens from his daydream. Andy points to a 'Bitcoin Cash Accepted Here' Logo. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 NARRATOR (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 George remembers that Andy has been putting his allowance into some magical internet money. George asks for help\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 George mouths "Help"\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 NARRATOR (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Andy opens his bitcoin wallet and sends his luddite Father two hair cuts worth of Bitcoin.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Green, animated bitcoins come out from Andy's phone and disappear in the air. George hears a coin SOUND and takes out his phone, the bitcoins reappear and drop into his phone. George is satisfied with his phone, he looks up and notices his haircut is complete. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 NARRATOR (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Happy with his hair, George sees a great opportunity to please Alice, his barber. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 \par He sees a "tip jar" of a Bitcoin Cash QR code on the mirror in front of him. He snaps a pic and sends bitcoin to it - the same animation of coins from his phone to the QR code.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 NARRATOR (CONT'D)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 The barber was very thankful.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 alice\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Hey thanks!\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f67\fs24\sl180\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Int. BarBERSHOP\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 George and Andy walk up to the checkout - an iPad sits on the counter. A QR code pops up, with X amount of BCH to send. George scans it, and the same X amount pops up on his phone. He presses 'Send' The coins go from his phone to the iPad.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 NaRRATOR\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Bitcoin Cash - The future of money\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 The Bitcoin Cash logo fades in\par \par \par \par \par Additional Scene (Optional)\par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb480\f67\fs24\sl180\s2\fi0\ri1440\li2160 Ext. Barbershop - day\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 George and Andy walk out of the Barbershop. In front of the store is someone with the "I steal haircuts" sign. \par }{\pard\plain \ql \caps\sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s4\fi0\ri1800\li5040 NARRATOR\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb0\f67\fs24\sl180\s6\fi0\ri3600\li3600 Bitcoin Cash - The future of money.\par }{\pard\plain \ql \sb240\f67\fs24\sl180\s3\fi0\ri1440\li2160 The Bitcoin cash logo fades in. \par \par }}