People wishing to submit FPRs should first approach a BCF board member to discuss of their ideas. After initial discussion, they will be issued a FPR number that they will use all along of their project. After preparation of their FPRs, they will propose their FPR for acceptance by making a pull request to this repository.

Having a FPR listed here does not make it a formally accepted until its status becomes Final or Active.

The FPR process is based on the BIP process.

{| class="wikitable sortable" style="width: auto; text-align: center; font-size: smaller; table-layout: fixed;"
!Number
!Title
!Owner
!Status
|- style="background-color: #ffcfcf"
| 1
| FPR process and BCF expenses
| The Bitcoin Cash Fund
| Active
|- style="background-color: #cfffcf"
| 2
| Reserved
| 
| Reserved
|- style="background-color: #ffcfcf"
| 3
| Reserved
| 
| Reserved
|- style="background-color: #cfffcf"
| 4
| Reserved
| 
| Reserved
|}

<!-- IMPORTANT!  See the instructions at the top of this page, do NOT JUST add FPRs here! -->


## BCF FPR Requirements

- A completed FPR must be included as to a project's github repo as the first commit/PR as an md file. This will help guide the project, and anyone who joins it can quickly find out the most important information.
- Any print media the BCF funds with either dimension over 40mm must have the BCF round logo on it somewhere.
- Any print media the BCF funds with either dimension over 100mm must have the logos of our Tier 3 sponsors on it somewhere.
- Any video projects the BCF funds must include the BCF Bitcoin Cash animation at the beginning or end of the video.
- Any video projects the BCF funds must include our tier 2 and tier 3 sponsors at the end of the video.
- The BCF reserves the right to not fund any project at it's own discretion.

## What isn't the Bitcoin Cash Fund for.

- Funds will not be given to companies just to further their business. Companies are welcome to submit an FPR as long as it is for a specific project that attempts to directly increase awareness and adoption of Bitcoin Cash.
- Funds will not be paid to individuals or businesses simply because they want money.
- Funds will not be paid for BCH protocol development (at this time).
