# FPR Evaluation of FPR-0005


      Status - Partial Approval - Changes required

- [x] **1. Has the FPR been submitted correctly?**
  - [x] A. Correctly titled?
  - [x] B. Used the full FPR template?
  - [x] C. Pull request correctly made to the BCF FPR repo?
  
- [x] **2. Have all sections of the template been completed?**
  - [x] A. Project Name
  - [x] B. Start Date
  - [x] C. Hashtag
  - [x] D. Name of BCF Chat room
  - [x] E. Stakeholders
  - [x] F. Project Summary
  - [x] G. Resources
  - [x] H. Budget
  - [x] I. Timeline
  - [x] J. Goals
  - [x] K. Other
  
- [ ] **3. Is it well formatted for legibility?**

- [x] **4. Does the project have a non-profit purpose?**
  
- [x] **5. Has it been completed with enough detail for the scale of the project?**

- [x] **6. Is the team trustworthy enough for the funding requirement?**

- [x] **7. Are the objectives S.M.A.R.T?**
  - [x] A. Specific
  - [x] B. Measurable
  - [x] C. Agreed Upon
  - [x] D. Realistic
  - [x] E. Time-bound 

- [x] **8. Are the stakeholders realistically providing volunteered time?**
  
- [ ] **9. Is the cost vs impact satisfactory?**
  
Cost = $3200

Impact

- 20-50 businesses, 
- 100-200 people at conference, 
- 10,000 person reach,
- reuseable content for other conferences,
- useful data for further conferences and marketing.
  
    **10. Has the FPR been accepted or denied?**
  - [ ] Accepted.
  - [ ] Accepted with Comments.
  - [x] Partially Accepted - See Comments. 
  - [ ] Denied - See Comments.  
  - [ ] Denied.
  
   **11. Comments and, if denied, reasons for denial.**

It has failed point 3.  

- Formatting needs to be fixed in the 'Budget' section for readability.  
- To do a line return two spaces need to be put at the end of a line. Alternatively a list can be used.
- Please remove the superfluous .doc file from your pull request.

It has failed point 9.  

- We would recommend some changes to improve the cost vs impact ratio. 
- Remove the competition for $1200 and rather spend some of this money on creation of high quality print media and content that can be reused at other conferences. I.e. flyers, banners, posters and powerpoint slides.
- Remove the RSVP $10 to the first 20 businesses and instead replace it with giving every person who attends $5 in BCH as a paper wallet.
- (If it is allowed) sell drinks and refreshments cheaply and allow people to pay with BCH.
