
# FPR Evaluation of FPR-0053

Status - Partially Accepted - Changes required

- [x] **1. Has the FPR been submitted correctly?**
   - [ ] A. Correctly titled?
   - [ ] B. Used the full FPR template?
   - [ ] C. Pull request correctly made to the BCF FPR repo?

- [ ] **2. Have all sections of the template been completed?**
   - [x] A. Project Name
   - [x] B. Start Date
   - [ ] C. Hashtag
   - [x] D. Name of BCF Chat room
   - [ ] E. Stakeholders
   - [x] F. Project Summary
   - [ ] G. Resources
   - [ ] H. Budget
   - [ ] I. Timeline
   - [ ] J. Goals
   - [x] K. Other

- [x] **3. Is it well formatted for legibility?**

- [x] **4. Does the project have a non-profit purpose?**

- [ ] **5. Has it been completed with enough detail for the scale of the project?**

- [x] **6. Is the team trustworthy enough for the funding requirement?**

- [ ] **7. Are the objectives S.M.A.R.T?**
   - [x] A. Specific
   - [ ] B. Measurable
   - [x] C. Agreed Upon
   - [x] D. Realistic
   - [ ] E. Time-bound

- [x] **8. Are the stakeholders realistically providing volunteered time?**

- [x] **9. Is the cost vs impact satisfactory?**

Would likely be good, but need more detail on the budget.

- [ ] **10. Has the FPR been accepted or denied?**
   - [ ] Accepted.
   - [ ] Accepted with Comments.
   - [x] Partially Accepted - See Comments.
   - [ ] Denied - See Comments.
   - [ ] Denied.

**11. Comments and, if denied, reasons for denial.**
The project seems like a great idea and is something we could support and fund. In fact we think this is something we could do more regularly. The project proposal needs to be fleshed out some more though. Some key areas that need more detail are the budget and timeline. The budget should contain ever expense that will come from the project. The timeline should name all important dates from start to end of the project.

If the above is fixed then we can fund this project. We suggest coming to talk to us about the project so we can go over the details.
