
# FPR Evaluation of FPR-0028

Status - Partially Accepted - Changes required

- [x] **1. Has the FPR been submitted correctly?**
   - [x] A. Correctly titled?
   - [x] B. Used the full FPR template?
   - [x] C. Pull request correctly made to the BCF FPR repo?

- [ ] **2. Have all sections of the template been completed?**
   - [x] A. Project Name
   - [ ] B. Start Date
   - [x] C. Hashtag
   - [x] D. Name of BCF Chat room
   - [x] E. Stakeholders
   - [x] F. Project Summary
   - [x] G. Resources
   - [x] H. Budget
   - [ ] I. Timeline
   - [x] J. Goals
   - [x] K. Other

- [x] **3. Is it well formatted for legibility?**

- [x] **4. Does the project have a non-profit purpose?**

- [x] **5. Has it been completed with enough detail for the scale of the project?**

- [x] **6. Is the team trustworthy enough for the funding requirement?**

- [x] **7. Are the objectives S.M.A.R.T?**
   - [x] A. Specific
   - [x] B. Measurable
   - [x] C. Agreed Upon
   - [x] D. Realistic
   - [x] E. Time-bound

- [x] **8. Are the stakeholders realistically providing volunteered time?**

- [x] **9. Is the cost vs impact satisfactory?**

Potentially wide-reaching educational content.

- [ ] **10. Has the FPR been accepted or denied?**
   - [ ] Accepted.
   - [ ] Accepted with Comments.
   - [x] Partially Accepted - See Comments.
   - [ ] Denied - See Comments.
   - [ ] Denied.

**11. Comments and, if denied, reasons for denial.**
- Project will be accepted just needs some minor fixes.
- Start date needs fixing (also in Timeline).
- Comment needs to be added stating that BCF also retains the rights to use the video.

