
# FPR Evaluation of FPR-0043

Status - Partially Accepted - Changes required

- [x] **1. Has the FPR been submitted correctly?**
   - [x] A. Correctly titled?
   - [x] B. Used the full FPR template?
   - [x] C. Pull request correctly made to the BCF FPR repo?

- [x] **2. Have all sections of the template been completed?**
   - [ ] A. Project Name
   - [ ] B. Start Date
   - [ ] C. Hashtag
   - [ ] D. Name of BCF Chat room
   - [ ] E. Stakeholders
   - [ ] F. Project Summary
   - [ ] G. Resources
   - [ ] H. Budget
   - [ ] I. Timeline
   - [ ] J. Goals
   - [ ] K. Other

- [x] **3. Is it well formatted for legibility?**

- [?] **4. Does the project have a non-profit purpose?**

- [ ] **5. Has it been completed with enough detail for the scale of the project?**

- [x] **6. Is the team trustworthy enough for the funding requirement?**

- [ ] **7. Are the objectives S.M.A.R.T?**
   - [ ] A. Specific
   - [ ] B. Measurable
   - [ ] C. Agreed Upon
   - [ ] D. Realistic
   - [ ] E. Time-bound

- [x] **8. Are the stakeholders realistically providing volunteered time?**

- [ ] **9. Is the cost vs impact satisfactory?**

It is not clear what the impact or benefit will be, to giving away free BCH to panda.exchange users. No requirements have been provided so it seems there is nothing stopping the users simply converting BCH to another currency, in fact it is likely that many will. 

- [ ] **10. Has the FPR been accepted or denied?**
   - [ ] Accepted.
   - [ ] Accepted with Comments.
   - [ ] Partially Accepted - See Comments.
   - [ ] Denied - See Comments.
   - [x] Denied.

**11. Comments and, if denied, reasons for denial.**
This project does not show a clear reason why this would increase BCH adoption. For this reason, it has been denied. We are not opposed to working with an exchange on a project that WILL increase BCH adoption, but the proposal needs to show this clearly.
