
# FPR Evaluation of FPR-0048

Status - Partially Accepted - Changes required

- [x] **1. Has the FPR been submitted correctly?**
   - [ ] A. Correctly titled?
   - [ ] B. Used the full FPR template?
   - [ ] C. Pull request correctly made to the BCF FPR repo?

- [ ] **2. Have all sections of the template been completed?**
   - [x] A. Project Name
   - [ ] B. Start Date
   - [x] C. Hashtag
   - [x] D. Name of BCF Chat room
   - [x] E. Stakeholders
   - [x] F. Project Summary
   - [x] G. Resources
   - [ ] H. Budget
   - [ ] I. Timeline
   - [ ] J. Goals
   - [ ] K. Other

- [x] **3. Is it well formatted for legibility?**

- [x] **4. Does the project have a non-profit purpose?**

- [ ] **5. Has it been completed with enough detail for the scale of the project?**

- [x] **6. Is the team trustworthy enough for the funding requirement?**

- [ ] **7. Are the objectives S.M.A.R.T?**
   - [ ] A. Specific
   - [ ] B. Measurable
   - [ ] C. Agreed Upon
   - [ ] D. Realistic
   - [ ] E. Time-bound

- [x] **8. Are the stakeholders realistically providing volunteered time?**

- [x] **9. Is the cost vs impact satisfactory?**

Probably

- [ ] **10. Has the FPR been accepted or denied?**
   - [ ] Accepted.
   - [ ] Accepted with Comments.
   - [x] Partially Accepted - See Comments.
   - [ ] Denied - See Comments.
   - [ ] Denied.

**11. Comments and, if denied, reasons for denial.**
This project has been accepted in concept but some more details need to be added before it is fully accepted.

- The project needs a detailed budget that covers all the costs.
- More detail needs to be put into the plan (e.g. where will the booths be erected? When will the project be implemented? When will the booth be purchased? etc. The project should be explained from start to finish.
- What are the objectives of the project (e.g. how many people will be reached? How many leaflets will be given out? What actions should the people take that you speak to?)
