
# FPR Evaluation of FPR-0046

Status - Partially Accepted - Changes required

- [x] **1. Has the FPR been submitted correctly?**
   - [ ] A. Correctly titled?
   - [ ] B. Used the full FPR template?
   - [ ] C. Pull request correctly made to the BCF FPR repo?

- [x] **2. Have all sections of the template been completed?**
   - [ ] A. Project Name
   - [ ] B. Start Date
   - [ ] C. Hashtag
   - [ ] D. Name of BCF Chat room
   - [ ] E. Stakeholders
   - [ ] F. Project Summary
   - [ ] G. Resources
   - [ ] H. Budget
   - [ ] I. Timeline
   - [ ] J. Goals
   - [ ] K. Other

- [x] **3. Is it well formatted for legibility?**

- [ ] **4. Does the project have a non-profit purpose?**
No. Project is for-profit.

- [ ] **5. Has it been completed with enough detail for the scale of the project?**
No.

- [ ] **6. Is the team trustworthy enough for the funding requirement?**
No. Project is for a huge sum of money but stakeholders are unknown to us.

- [ ] **7. Are the objectives S.M.A.R.T?**
   - [ ] A. Specific
   - [ ] B. Measurable
   - [ ] C. Agreed Upon
   - [ ] D. Realistic
   - [ ] E. Time-bound
No.

- [ ] **8. Are the stakeholders realistically providing volunteered time?**
No.

- [ ] **9. Is the cost vs impact satisfactory?**

No. It is low.

- [ ] **10. Has the FPR been accepted or denied?**
   - [ ] Accepted.
   - [ ] Accepted with Comments.
   - [ ] Partially Accepted - See Comments.
   - [ ] Denied - See Comments.
   - [x] Denied.

**11. Comments and, if denied, reasons for denial.**
This project has been denied for reasons 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and because this project is for more funding that the BCF is able to offer any project, regardless of the quality of the proposal.
