
# FPR Evaluation of FPR-0032

Status - Denied

- [x] **1. Has the FPR been submitted correctly?**
   - [x] A. Correctly titled?
   - [ ] B. Used the full FPR template?
   - [ ] C. Pull request correctly made to the BCF FPR repo?

- [x] **2. Have all sections of the template been completed?**
   - [ ] A. Project Name
   - [ ] B. Start Date
   - [ ] C. Hashtag
   - [ ] D. Name of BCF Chat room
   - [ ] E. Stakeholders
   - [ ] F. Project Summary
   - [ ] G. Resources
   - [ ] H. Budget
   - [ ] I. Timeline
   - [ ] J. Goals
   - [ ] K. Other

- [x] **3. Is it well formatted for legibility?**

- [x] **4. Does the project have a non-profit purpose?**

- [x] **5. Has it been completed with enough detail for the scale of the project?**

- [x] **6. Is the team trustworthy enough for the funding requirement?**

- [ ] **7. Are the objectives S.M.A.R.T?**
   - [ ] A. Specific
   - [ ] B. Measurable
   - [ ] C. Agreed Upon
   - [ ] D. Realistic
   - [ ] E. Time-bound

- [ ] **8. Are the stakeholders realistically providing volunteered time?**

- [ ] **9. Is the cost vs impact satisfactory?**

Cost = TODO

Impact

- TODO

- [x] **10. Has the FPR been accepted or denied?**
   - [ ] Accepted.
   - [ ] Accepted with Comments.
   - [ ] Partially Accepted - See Comments.
   - [ ] Denied - See Comments.
   - [x] Denied.

**11. Comments and, if denied, reasons for denial.**
This is a project for development only. Development is not something that the BCF funds as this does not directly increase adoption and awareness of Bitcoin Cash. The cost of development also puts this outside the budget of what the BCF can afford.

Unfortunately this means we are unable to fund this project.
