
# FPR Evaluation of FPR-0025

Status - Denied

- [x] **1. Has the FPR been submitted correctly?**
   - [x] A. Correctly titled?
   - [x] B. Used the full FPR template?
   - [x] C. Pull request correctly made to the BCF FPR repo?

- [x] **2. Have all sections of the template been completed?**
   - [x] A. Project Name
   - [x] B. Start Date
   - [x] C. Hashtag
   - [x] D. Name of BCF Chat room
   - [x] E. Stakeholders
   - [x] F. Project Summary
   - [x] G. Resources
   - [x] H. Budget
   - [x] I. Timeline
   - [x] J. Goals
   - [x] K. Other

- [x] **3. Is it well formatted for legibility?**

- [ ] **4. Does the project have a non-profit purpose?**
The project has a for-profit purpose.

- [ ] **5. Has it been completed with enough detail for the scale of the project?**
No.

- [ ] **6. Is the team trustworthy enough for the funding requirement?**
The project is mid-sized and we do not know the team well.

- [x] **7. Are the objectives S.M.A.R.T?**
   - [x] A. Specific
   - [x] B. Measurable
   - [x] C. Agreed Upon
   - [x] D. Realistic
   - [x] E. Time-bound

- [x] **8. Are the stakeholders realistically providing volunteered time?**

- [ ] **9. Is the cost vs impact satisfactory?**

Cost vs impact is quite low because the reach of this initiative is only to the people who attend the silent disco. There is a cost of roughly 35EUR per person. The cost of 100 headsets on the linked website is ~€2200 but €3500 is being requested.



- [ ] **10. Has the FPR been accepted or denied?**
   - [ ] Accepted.
   - [ ] Accepted with Comments.
   - [ ] Partially Accepted - See Comments.
   - [x] Denied - See Comments.
   - [ ] Denied.

**11. Comments and, if denied, reasons for denial.**

For the reasons 4, 5, 6 and 9 we cannot fund this project.
